chore(ui): Remove 'tip' from Admonition (#48419)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/app/contributing/content.mdx

### Admonition

> For extra information that doesn't fit into the main flow. There are 4 supported types of admonitions:

Author: ```suggestion
For extra information that doesn't fit into the main flow, you can use the following types of admonitions:
```
